Tell you guys, I passed here quickly.
leave a video for you talking about
the the merchant and I bought in a site
united states on ebay free market
American in the case was the micro sd card
and a 32 gigabyte smartphone
This one has come to me and
if there the android is there our
But it's ok then, it's open to
to check is a bit of a
plastic bubble is in it
op inside it came what came a
Rack store of Taio leave
for you the memory pa artilheiro.com.br
How do I buy it? I bought it directly.
for the site and nbn was not here
but in the case it says that it comes from there only
memory point with boards and access
there you can access
okay here we have some emails and some
phone information in case there is more
He is from China, is he good to China too?
here afternoon came from china then it is
sold on the free market also improves
in the American market time b
Are you there?
information back here all of them in
English is more here is the place so here
the little card is sealed in the
plastic that comes is also a plastic
bubble
I find protection always that exaggeration is
also the size of the package is also well
the package a little card that neither the
People are going to open it's a sealed bag.
by a trio of moisture nothing about it
then the party here the card in the case of ami
micro sd card
okay let's turn the Catanduvense with
head sometimes will focus
let's see focusing on 32 gigs there also
It seems to me, then this is the
card on the market you buy a card
and that today
you will pay in the range of 120 to 150
because he is better than the others because
he has a writing and reading rate
faster than the other positions.
You know his name, do not you?
I'll name it not to make you.
no propaganda for him is doing
I'm not a fan
not but it's a better card team is
room better than the others is then
that's okay if it was a just a
presentation of this card speaks to us
micro sd card preferably for him
if you want to know more information
It leaves in the comments there is good
so visit also our site r7 a
At night there are lots of apps, right?
if you want to earn a little robot that
equal fox here Iguaçu android here
The link here is good, that you are the
first of April we will give 22
gift robots one for each
person
It's good click here or in the corner here
that's our choice, it's okay
also visit our fan page on a
recent android on facebook
It's good to also visit our channel there.
youtube you are watching this video see
our video on youtube.com bar r7
android
many videos tutorials information well
cool
okay then that click if joinha
inscribe and add will favor the
and share and comment on
it's ok, cool down
until the next video with a big
went